elusive sosas and merciless ninjas
fearless legendary shadow warriors of the night
and fog
scouts spies and saboteurs all
times and peoples
whatever they are armed and whatever
did not wear clothes their spirit body and psyche
obeyed the same laws they
pursued similar goals they
used similar methods your
the story we start with followers
secret clans their training methods
weapons and clothes ninja mana sweeping
last decade america australia
and Europe in 90 percent of cases
resulted primarily reinforced traction
to external attributes of clothes to weapons
the penultimate ritual to philosophy and in
last to true warrior
art
we introduce modern costume
ninja lover something preserved from
its ancient prototype
the system of belts and straps allows not
just merge the clothes into one with the body
but also create many secluded and
convenient caches for weapons and
adaptations
see how the upper belt is attached
he is the main
up